create keras example in flower/flwr_examples (#494)
adap/flower: examples/quickstart_tensorflow/README.md

# Flower Example using Keras

Flower is easy to use by only starting the Flower server and the Flower clients.

> It is recommended to use [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)/[pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) and [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) to ensure the right version of libraries.
> 
> After installing both tools you can start to set up everything.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses [poetry](https://python-poetry.org) for dependency management. If not checkout the [poetry](https://python-poetry.org) information howto install it.
```

Author: The changes will be added in the next PR

After installing both tools you can start to set up everything.  

## Setup your virtual environment

> First, you should setup your virtualenv and  install [Python Version 3.6](https://docs.python.org/3.6/) or above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you should setup your virtualenv and install [Python Version 3.6](https://docs.python.org/3.6/) or above:
```

> ## Setup your virtual environment
> 
> First, you should setup your virtualenv and  install [Python Version 3.6](https://docs.python.org/3.6/) or above:
> 
> ```shell
> pyenv install 3.7.9
> ```
> 
> Create a virtualenv with:
> 
> ```shell
> pyenv virtualenv 3.7.9 keras-federated-3.7.9
> ```
> 
> Activate the virtualenv by creating a `.python-version` with the content:
> 
> ```shell
> keras-federated-3.7.9
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would skip this section and remove it as poetry by default creates a virtualenv. I just tried it out with the example and it worked well.

Author: This will be implemented in the next PR.

## Run Keras Federated

> Clone the flower examples to your virtualenv:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start with cloning the Flower repo and checking out the example. We have prepared a single line which you can copy into your shell which will checkout the example for you.
```

> Activate the virtualenv by creating a `.python-version` with the content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the virtualenv by running the following command:
```

> keras-federated-3.7.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo keras-federated-3.7.9 > .python-version
```

```shell
git clone https://github.com/adap/.....
```

You have different files available:

```shell
-- poetry.lock
-- pyproject.toml
-- client.py
-- server.py
-- run-clients.sh
-- run-server.sh
```

The `pyproject.toml` and `poetry.lock` orchestrate the project dependencies. Simply run poetry to install all required dependencies with:

```shell
poetry install
```

After installing all required libaries you can start the Flower server

```shell
./run-server.sh
```

Open a new terminal and start 2 Flower clients with

```shell
./run-client.sh
```

> You will see that Keras is starting a federated training. Have a look to the [Flower Quickstarter documentation](https://flower.dev/docs/quickstart_tensorflow.html) for a detailed explanation of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see that Keras is starting a federated training. Have a look to the [Flower Quickstarter documentation](https://flower.dev/docs/quickstart_tensorflow.html) for a detailed explanation.
```
